so give it all in here for overload calm
we've had a lot of questions lately on
how to connect your guitar to your
computer to make the most of overloads
th - th - is an F modeler with a lot of
different effects you can really
customize your tone but if you're not
using the right connections you're not
really going to enjoy the software a lot
of people are just plugging their guitar
straight into the computer and although
you might get some sound it's really not
the best way to go because you're going
to get a lot of background noises you're
going to get some latency and overall
the experience is not going to be good
you need a sound interface a-sun
interface is basically an external sound
card with really low latency this is how
it looks like I am using an M audio fast
track pro there's a lot of different
options out there that work as good
basically this is your sound card this
is your sound interface you're going to
be able to put that directly on your
desk and not have to go behind your
computer to plug your guitar not cool at
all most interfaces are USB and it's
going to give you a very fast transfer
of information between the sound card
and your computer I'm simply going to
use a standard USB cable already
connected to the computer connecting
this to my sound interface connect my
speakers I can now plug the guitar
directly into the interface the
connections are made all we need is a
guitar ah there are two different ways
to use th - as a standalone or as a
plugin the standalone version of th -
simply allows you to launch the th2
software and play air guitar you would
probably use the standalone version if
you were to play alive just slow th - on
a laptop computer bring your sound
interface and plug your sound interface
to the PA system at a gig and you will
run th - as a standalone software
running th - as a plug-in will allow you
to use th - within another software if
you're recording something you're going
to use a sequencer that's where you're
going to assemble all your tracks and if
you want to record your guitar within
your sequencer as you're building your
song you can create a new track a guitar
track
assigned to that track a plug-in which
is going to be th2 that way you will get
access to all the cool sounds found in
th2 and record your guitar directly
within your sequencer using th2 as a
plugin
an extension to that software this
option is awesome in terms of
flexibility because you can record your
guitar on the track the guitar that
you're actually recording is the dry
guitar but what you're hearing is the
sound of th2 it's ran as a plugin and
that means that later on once you've
finished recording your track you can
always go back and tweak the effects
without having to re-record your guitar
last and not least I want to answer one
of the questions that we've had
concerning the delay that you have when
you're playing your guitar and what
you're hearing from th2 this can be
fixed by clicking on the options here
you will see the settings of your sound
card this is going to change depending
on the sound interface sound card that
you are using simply go to the buffer
size as you are reducing the buffer size
you're going to get a lower latency
lower delay between what you're playing
and what you're hearing make sure you
check out over.com for amazing products
including the standing over loud th2
thanks for watching this he'll see you
next time until then